readme.md, before:

# dind-ansible-molecule

[![pipeline status](https://gitlab.com/richardskumat/dind-ansible-molecule/badges/master/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/richardskumat/dind-ansible-molecule/commits/master)

Based on qwe1/debdocker, because:

- I decided to build this image because I've had some python issues due to upstream
docker:stable being an Alpine image while doing molecule tests
on my Ansible roles.

The image has:

- docker, ansible and molecule installed
- debian:10 container base

I use this image to test molecule converge and test my ansible roles.

There's no entrypoint set in the images, only CMD
is set to bash.

## Tags

The latest/$ANSIBLE_VERSION tag runs as [uid 1000 and is part of the docker group(gid 998.)](https://gitlab.com/richardskumat/dind-ansible-molecule/-/blob/master/Dockerfile).

The latest points at ansible 2.9.x.

There's a root/$ANSIBLE_VERSION-root tag that simply runs as the root user.

The root tag points at ansible 2.9.x.

There also tags for ansible 2.7 and 2.8, with basic user and root variants.

## Usage examples

Interactive usage, if we are in an Ansible role directory:

```bash
docker run -w /tmp/$(pwd | awk -F'/' '{print $NF}') -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock -v $PWD:/tmp/$(pwd | awk -F'/' '{print $NF}') --rm -ti qwe1/dind-ansible-molecule bash
```

Example molecule test, if we are in an Ansible role root directory:

```bash
docker run -w /tmp/$(pwd | awk -F'/' '{print $NF}') -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock -v $PWD:/tmp/$(pwd | awk -F'/' '{print $NF}') --rm -ti qwe1/dind-ansible-molecule molecule test
```

## Links to source code and build logs

Gitlab

https://gitlab.com/richardskumat/dind-ansible-molecule

Gitlab pipelines

https://gitlab.com/richardskumat/dind-ansible-molecule/pipelines

Github

https://github.com/richardskumat/dind-ansible-molecule

Travis

https://travis-ci.org/richardskumat/dind-ansible-molecule

Dockerhub

https://hub.docker.com/r/qwe1/dind-ansible-molecule

Commit message:

Update dockerfiles to deal with some ci breakage.
related https://github.com/pyca/cryptography/issues/5771

readme.md, after:

# dind-ansible-molecule

[![pipeline status](https://gitlab.com/richardskumat/dind-ansible-molecule/badges/master/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/richardskumat/dind-ansible-molecule/commits/master)

I'm currently leaving 2.9.x as latest because I haven't personally
upgraded or tested my own roles with ans2.10.

Based on qwe1/debdocker, because:

- I decided to build this image because I've had some python issues due to upstream
docker:stable being an Alpine image while doing molecule tests
on my Ansible roles.

The image has:

- docker, ansible and molecule installed
- debian:10 container base

I use this image to test molecule converge and test my ansible roles.

There's no entrypoint set in the images, only CMD
is set to bash.

## Tags

The latest/$ANSIBLE_VERSION tag runs as [uid 1000 and is part of the docker group(gid 998.)](https://gitlab.com/richardskumat/dind-ansible-molecule/-/blob/master/Dockerfile).

The latest points at ansible 2.9.x.

There's a root/$ANSIBLE_VERSION-root tag that simply runs as the root user.

The root tag points at ansible 2.9.x.

There also tags for ansible 2.7 and 2.8, with basic user and root variants.

## Usage examples

Interactive usage, if we are in an Ansible role directory:

```bash
docker run -w /tmp/$(pwd | awk -F'/' '{print $NF}') -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock -v $PWD:/tmp/$(pwd | awk -F'/' '{print $NF}') --rm -ti qwe1/dind-ansible-molecule bash
```

Example molecule test, if we are in an Ansible role root directory:

```bash
docker run -w /tmp/$(pwd | awk -F'/' '{print $NF}') -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock -v $PWD:/tmp/$(pwd | awk -F'/' '{print $NF}') --rm -ti qwe1/dind-ansible-molecule molecule test
```

## Links to source code and build logs

Gitlab

https://gitlab.com/richardskumat/dind-ansible-molecule

Gitlab pipelines

https://gitlab.com/richardskumat/dind-ansible-molecule/pipelines

Github

https://github.com/richardskumat/dind-ansible-molecule

Travis

https://travis-ci.org/richardskumat/dind-ansible-molecule

Dockerhub

https://hub.docker.com/r/qwe1/dind-ansible-molecule
